#The Simpsons #
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
D'oh!
Five, four, three, two, one.
Well, that's all the time we have.
So long, kids!
Krusty the Clown is brought to you...
by the new Gamestation 256.
It's slightly faster... to the max!
256?
And I'm stuck with this useless 252.
Don't destroy me.
I can still make you happy...
to the max!
Here's a headline forJay.
"Ketchup Truck Hits Hamburger Stand."
Mom, can I have 200 bucks
for a 256-K Gamestation?
- That's less than a dollar a K.
- Oh, I might be able to help you-
with a song about thrift!
#When you get a penny from a chum #
# Don't just buy
some bubble gum #
# Put it in your cap, Put it in your cap #
#When you find a nickel in the snow #
# Don't just blow it
on a picture show #
- # Put it in your cap, Put it in your cap #
- I don't have a cap.
#When you spy a quarter in a pie-##
You want money?
Get a job like your old man.
Well, maybe I should.
- So now you're smarter than your old man, huh?
- I guess.
I like your attitude.
Take what you need.
Nice day's work, kid.
This is for you.
You're paying me in hair?
Are you insane?
Man, I need a job.
You need job? I have job for you.
You take these.
You hang Thai menu on door.
I get more business.
Send daughters to small liberal arts college-
Swarthmore, maybe Sarah Lawrence.
Call professors by first name.
Hah!
- Dynamite!
- Hang 'em on the door. Got it.
Hey, hey! No menus-
Or I'll cut you like
a box along the flaps!
You quitter! Quitter boy! Quitter boy!
- I'm sorry.
- Now restaurant fail...
children go to state college.
Serious students powerless
against drunken "jockocracy."
Baseball hats everywhere!
Hey, man, this job is too dangerous.
Menu boy no be coward like shrimp.
Menu boy be brave like prawn.
Menu boy must move
silently like ghost.
Leave no footprint,
only lunch specials.
Hai!
Hmm?
Well, I never!
Ah! What a waste.
There you go, little fish. Ohh.
Bart, do you know how many trees
died to make those menus?
- I don't know. A million?
- You're ruining the earth!
True, but I "gots" to get paid.
Money was funny, Sister.
Oh, Betty.
Bart, it's so sweet of you to take
the family out to Krusty Burger.
Hey, some people in this family
are doers, and some are "don't-ers."
Don't you call me a- Ugh.
Take that, Lisa's beliefs!
Oh, how cute!
Kids, look who's on the roof.
I knew this day would come.
The cows are taking back what's theirs.
No. I think they're protestors.
Hey, there are cows on the roof.
I thought my pager was busted.
Get back in. It's only funny with a small car.
Take down the clown! Take down the clown!
Listen, I'm on your side.
Let's get a dialogue going.
Take out the mother cow.
The rest will follow.
Your corporation cuts down the rain forest...
to create grazing land for cattle.
Oh, for the love of- Gimme that!
No, you can't!
- Don't worry, honey. They're just firing beanbags.
- Ow!
- Hey, watch it!
- You can't silence the truth with beanbags!
That's nice work
with the "bag-zooka."
Gotta love what you do, Chief.
Mmm, mmm.
Are you all right?
I've had worse.
In New Orleans, they hosed us with Tabasco.
Oh, you're so heroic.
All right, cow boy.
I'll see you in "moo-nicipal" court.
- Good one, Chief.
- What? What'd I say?
I can't believe how young he is.
He'd be cute ifhe weren't so idealistic.
Mmm.
Look, Marge. I'm in a limo.
The Simpsons are goin' to Paris.
The "eco-radical"
group Dirt First...
staged a daring protest
today at Krusty Burger.
Krusty the Clown has issued
the following statement.
"This I don't need."
The group is led
by teenage activistJesse Grass...
a "dreadlocked" dreamboat
whose "Birken stock" is on the rise.
Boring.
Ah, the Luftwaffe-
The Washington Generals of the History Channel.
Dad, change it back.
- Yeah. That was the boy Lisa likes.
- No, I don't.
Lisa and Jesse sitting in a tree...
- K-l-S-S-l-N-G-
- Shut up.
First comes love, then comes-
Um- Damn it, I know this.
I'd like to visit a prisoner.
- Yeah, sure.
- Aren't you coming with me?
Hey, I get enough flaming toilet paper
thrown on me at home.
Fire in the hole!
Jesse?
- You do yoga?
- Yeah, but I started before it was cool.
My name's Lisa Simpson.
I think your protest was incredibly brave.
Thank you. This planet needs
every friend it can get.
Oh, the earth is the best.
That's why I'm a vegetarian.
Well, that's a start.
Well, um, I was thinking
of going vegan.
I'm a level-five vegan.
I won't eat anything
that casts a shadow.
Wow. Um-
I started an organic
compost pile at home.
Only at home?
You mean you don't pocket-mulch?
Oh, it's so decomposed.
Do you think I could join Dirt First?
Well, we might have
an opening at the poseur level.
Oh, thank you, thank you.
- Have a good time at your hippie club.
- You're welcome to come too.
No. I like to save
the environment my own way.
Mmm... doughnuts.
I am happy to report we've succeeded
in blocking the St. Patrick's Day Parade...
which, every year,
steps on several lizards.
- Right on!
- Yeah!
Don't celebrate yet.
The mayor had a secret
tree auction last night.
What am I bid...
for the logging rights
to Springfield's oldest redwood tree?
$30,000 to make cages
for animal experimentation.
50,000 for Thai menus.
Daughter on wait list at Bennington.
100,000 simoleons...
to make the world's
first drive-through humidor.
Sold to the rich Texan.
Yee-haw!
Whoo, doggies!
Thanks to Caleb for the tape.
How'd you sneak that camera in?
I got my ways.
They can't cut down that sequoia
if one of us is living in it.
- Any volunteers?
- I'll do it.
- I am so there!
- Oh, me, me, me!
Whoa. Hold on. Once you're up there,
you can't come down-
Not for a Phish concert,
not even for Burning Man.
Well, someone will hear the call...
and whoever does will
have a place in my heart.
Mm-hmm.
Sheesh. Look at these refugees.
How about a smile?
They've undergone
terrible hardships.
Well, moping won't make it better.
Mom, Dad, there's
something I have to do.
You're not gonna like it,
but I really believe it's the right thing.
Marge, she's gonna narc on our stash.
We don't have a stash.
No. Of course not.
Wow.
Oh, I didn't think
it would be so high.
Maybe I could just
circulate a petition.
Oh, I'll show you.
Well, this looks like
a good place to set up camp.
Wow! What a view.
Gentlemen, start your chain saws.
Not so fast!
Now, you come down from there, missy!
I won't come down
till you spare this tree.
- Hang in there, Laura!
- It's Lisa!
Right! Lisa. You're hard core.
Oh, he said I was hard core.
Oh-Whoa!
Oh, no! My baby's up there!
It's okay, Mom. I have a safety line.
This is your fault, with your nonthreatening,
Bobby Sherman-style good looks.
No girl could resist your charms.
- This was her choice, Mr. Simpson.
- I'm sorry.
I wasn't listening.
I was lost in your eyes.
All right! A care bucket.
Hot Thai soup!
Oh, Bart!
"Dear Lisa, you rock.
"Mom is calling rescue agencies...
"Dad is building a giant ladder...
"but it is of poor quality.
We miss you. Bart." Aww.
It's day four for Springfield's "li'lest" tree hugger.
Excuse me. That's "littlest" tree hugger.
And whether you love
or hate her politics...
you've gotta go gawk
at this crazy idiot.
Oh.
Oh, 7:00.
The family's just sitting down to dinner.
- Aww.
- You call that saying grace?
Oh, now they're making popcorn
and hanging Christmas stockings.
And coloring Easter eggs.
Oh, I can't take it.
Would it be so bad
if I just went home for an hour?
Whoa.
Don't worry. I'll be right back.
Ew. Someone's been
marking their territory.
Hey, everybody. L-
Aww.
I'll just rest here for a minute.
Ahh.
Oh, it's morning! I gotta get back.
Ooh. Oh, no.
Oh, Mom, those loggers
chopped down the tree.
Why did I have to leave my post?
Now, honey, let's turn on the news
and forget our troubles.
Springfield's oldest resident has died.
No, it wasn't Mr. Burns.
It was this majestic old redwood...
which was brutally
cut down last night-
Not by loggers, but by lightning-
Lightning? Oh!
At least it wasn't my fault.
Lightning attracted by this metal bucket.
Still unknown is the fate
of tree-sitter Lisa Simpson.
I'm afraid it doesn't look good, Kent.
We found her sleeping bag right here.
Our working theory is
that the lightning exploded her.
- Back to you, Kent.
- You don't get to say that!
Good-bye, Lisa. We'll miss you.
Oh, no! Lisa's gone!
And nothing will bring her back.
- Unless-
- Dad, I'm not dead.
Oh, praise God! You're alive.
- Unless-
- Oh, my.
They made you a shrine.
I loved Lisa Simpson-
Loved her like a shrub.
And I would give anything
to see her sweet face again.
Oh!
But in death, she will do more for our cause
than she ever could have done in life.
Uh-huh. In Texas,
we do tragedy right.
That's why in memory
of that poor little girl...
I'm turning this entire forest
into the Lisa Simpson Wilderness Preserve.
We won, Lisa.
We finally won.
This is for you.
He cut off his favorite dread.
We have to tell them you're not dead.
No, Mom. It's a memorial forest now.
If I'm alive, they'll cut it down.
You are not pretending
to be dead, young lady.
This family has had nothing but bad luck
when it comes to farce.
Homer, it's Neddie.
I baked you a little something
to ease the pain.
Oh!
Must hide Lisa!
Come in.
So, Bart, our school policy...
is to give students
in your situation straight A's.
- Get out! What's the catch?
- The tragic loss of your sister.
Ah, yes. Ghastly business, that.
- Grieving father comin' through.
- Homer, uh, booze is on the house...
seeing as how Lisa is, um-
Oh, how do I put this?
Ridin' the midnight train to slab city.
Thanks for the beer, Moe.
But before Lisa died, she made this tape
that I think you should hear.
Dear Moe, if anything should ever happen to me...
I want you to tear up my dad's tab...
and pour cocktail onions-
- Dad, I can't.
- Read it!
Pour cocktail onions down your pants.
Well, I ain't never
said no to a dead girl yet.
And now, Branford Marsalis will play...
using Lisa's very own saxophone.
Don't touch it!
They can clone her from the spit.
Good luck, Milhouse.
And finally, an exciting announcement...
from our good friends at Omni-Pave.
Folks, last night the dear departed Lisa
came to me in a dream...
and she told me her fondest wish
was that this forest would become...
the world's "rootin'est," "tootin'est,"
"pollutin'est" amusement park!
It was Lisa's dream.
You promised us a nature preserve.
Now, don't you fret.
We're sensitive to all your "eco-concerns."
That's it, boys.
The gift shop will go right there.
Yee-haw! Cut it down!
- No!
- Wha-
A g-g-g-girl!
I'm not dead-And neither
is my sense of moral outrage.
- Oh, here we go.
- Sir, have you no shame?
Clearly, I don't.
Now get your heinie
off of Lisa Land!
A redwood is not a promotional tool.
Good Lord! He's cutting the guy-wires!
Nice work, tree.
Now return to me.
- I don't get it.
- What?
Oh, right- I don't have super powers... just yet.
Sweet. It's headed
for the business district.
Not my company!
No! It was finger Ling-Ling good.
Whoa!
No!
Yee-haw! Score one for the bad guys.
Hey, Lisa.
Aw, Jesse, they locked you up again.
Yeah, but I'm still fighting for the earth.
I even got 'em to install
a solar-powered electric chair.
Dude, we've been here all morning.
Could you at least
re-moisten my head sponge?
Well, I'll write you letters-
on rice paper with a soy pencil.
Aw, you're sweet.
- Did they ever stop that log?
- Not yet.
What's up with that?
#This log is your log #
# This log is my log #
# When lightning struck it #
# It kicked the bucket #
# I poured some onions #
# Inside my trousers #
#This log, It used to be a tree #
# Now it spreads love to you and me #
# Hey, look
It's heading out #
# To sea ##
Shh!
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org